DOCSP-41360: v5.1.2 patch release (#42)
mongodb/docs-java-rs: source/whats-new.txt

Learn about new features, improvements, and fixes introduced in the
following versions of the {+driver-long+}:

* :ref:`Version 5.1.2 <javars-version-5.1.2>`
* :ref:`Version 5.1.1 <javars-version-5.1.1>`
* :ref:`Version 5.1 <javars-version-5.1>`

.. _javars-version-5.1.2:

What's New in 5.1.2
-------------------

The 5.1.2 driver patch release includes the following changes:

- Fixes an issue that prevents the driver from encoding and
  decoding concrete classes that extend generic base classes, in cases
  that you specify the base class as the generic type of the ``MongoCollection`` instance.

> - You can validate signatures of the driver artifacts published on

Reviewer: S: so the bullet point starts with a verb:
```suggestion
- Allows you to validate signatures of the driver artifacts published on
```

Author: removed this item per Slack discussion
